docs: Search Metadata Batch 04 (#14596)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/nomad.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Sevice Mesh: Nomad Integration
description: >-

> Consul's service mesh can be applied to Nomad's scheduler and orchestration functions to provide secure communication for Nomad jobs and task groups. Use the guide and reference documentation to learn more.

Reviewer: Optional suggestion. I'm not a Nomad expert.
```suggestion
Consul's service mesh can be applied to provide secure communication between services managed by Nomad's scheduler and orchestrator functions, including Nomad jobs and task groups. Use the guide and reference documentation to learn more.
```
